# Meetings notes

## Meeting 1.
* **DATE:**  12/02/2019, 11.40 AM
* **ASSISTANTS:** Marta Cortés Orduña
* **GRADE:** *To be filled by course staff*

### Minutes 20 Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting* 

Explained about the FoodPoint API we are going to develop and different applications of the API. Also, discussed about BigOven API having similar functionalities as FoodPoint API and differences and additional features planning to implement on the FoodPoint API. Overall the discussion was fruitfull and we get an overall picture of how we should proceed with our project.

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*

We forget to include the link for the BigOven API into the wiki and we added the links as discussed in the meetings.Also updated the documention for the project.

### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Meeting 2.
* **DATE:** 26/02/2019,12.00 PM
* **ASSISTANTS:** Marta Cortés Orduña
* **GRADE:** *To be filled by course staff*

### Minutes 25 Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

Had a good discussion about the development in the project and discussed about the testing process of the project. Assistant had gone through the test cases and suggested possible additions to the test cases. Marta's suggestions prompted us into include some additional test cases for checking the possible error conditions. The discussion helped us to think differently from the conventional ways and improving the application's acceptance.

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*

There was a confusion regarding the deletion of reciepes from the database and how it will reflect in the collection table. It has been rectified and come to an agreement regarding how to implement the deletion of reciepes and their reflection in collection table.

### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Meeting 3.
* **DATE:** 28/03/2019 03.00 PM
* **ASSISTANTS:** Mika Oja
* **GRADE:** *To be filled by course staff*

### Minutes 30 minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*


State diagram and resource relations were explained and clarrified doubts regarding our project to the staff as course staff is different from previous meetings. We also explained how resources are exposed to the uniform interface methods. Staff goes through the documentation and find out that everything is self explantory and understandable in first look.

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*

Some suggestions were mentioned about adding more relations between Ethnicity and recipe resources and how to move forward with the next deadline.


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Meeting 4.
* **DATE:**29/04/2019 12:00
* **ASSISTANTS:** Mika Oja
* **GRADE:** *To be filled by course staff*

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting* 

The project progress has reported and course assistant raised some concerns, but we were able to show that we have already work with the concerns raised. Much discussion didn't happened and we ended the meeting on agreement of seeing in the final meeting.

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*

Discussed about the functionalities needed to be implemented for the final deliverables. And started working on it.

### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Midterm meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**
* **GRADE:** *To be filled by course staff*

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*


## Final meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**
* **GRADE:** *To be filled by course staff*

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

